---
type: about
linktitle: About Me
title: Hi, my name is Hugo.
seo_title: About Me
description: Learn more about my background and experience.
---

## Who am I?

Tae-Seung (TK) Kim. I'm currently a student at Northwestern University pursuing a Masters in Data Science. I also work at Wells Fargo as a Senior Lead Analytics Consultant on the Marketing Sciences team. 

## My Experience

### Colgate-Palmolive 
**Analyst (CDP Data Engineer) August 2022 – July 2023**

* Developed and deployed BlueConic’s Customer Data Platform for Hill’s Pet Nutrition replacing SalesForce Marketing Cloud
enabling greater flexibility for inbound/outbound data and increased data hygiene through in-platform and external ETL
processes.

* Created standard operating procedures around DataFusion as a no/low-code tool to enable ETL for team members to deploy as
needed.
* Provided CRM analytics for business stakeholders with options to see performance from customer attributes or from campaigns
using Python (Plotly + Seaborn) for visualization.
* Used Confluence to create a knowledge base that serves both business and tech teams as a one-stop shop for anything inside
of the Customer Data Platform and any connected tooling.
* Developed modular Python scripts + SQL queries for in-platform data cleansing and transformation reducing turnaround times.
* Focused on converting 1P unknown users (profiles generated by Google Analytics) to 1P known users through BlueConic
powered points of entry on the site.

### Media.Monks
**Technical Project Lead July 2021 – July 2022**
* Developed a BigQuery based data warehouse for the marketing team that housed data from various marketing platforms with
several years’ worth of data enabling long term historical analysis and quick ad-hoc analysis with a Tableau dashboard.
* Created Tableau dashboards for both internal teams and client-side teams to access different datamarts within the BigQuery data warehouse. Developed and implemented multiple ETL projects using Python to reduce workloads.
* Worked cross-functionally with marketing teams to develop simple upload and run Python scripts hosted in Google CoLabs to automate most of the ad-ops work.
* Led client side teams in a project to develop a year-long test and learn strategy for programmatic campaigns that allowed for quick cycles and adjustments as results came in. Transformed the programmatic team from a set it and forget it mindset to a rapidly evolving, iterative approach.

**Sr. Creative Account Manager March 2020 – July 2021**
* Collaborated with client-side creative developers with developing and troubleshooting rich media creatives.
* Designed campaign and creative taxonomies for multiple clients to enable better reporting and asset management.
* Provided insights on creative effectiveness for dynamic creatives and an insights framework for client-side teams to in-house the
analytics work.
* Enabled dynamic creative personalization through real time signals from Google Analytics.
* Led training sessions for client-side teams on storytelling with data to develop stronger in-house capabilities for analytics.
* Created BI offering for clients ranging from free Data Studio dashboards to managed Tableau dashboards.

## Mediacom March 2019 – March 2020
**Manager**
* Maintained product feeds for various clients across various digital marketing platforms including Google Merchant Center,
Facebook Catalogs, and Pinterest Catalogs.
* Provided insights around eComm digital marketing at the product level combining product feeds, web analytics, and marketing
performance data.
* Worked cross-functionally with client-side analytics teams and CRM teams to plug in product data for personalized product
recommendations through email.
* Led monthly training sessions to educate business stakeholders about adding value through the ProductsUp platform.

## Hearts&Science May 2018 – March 2019
**Strategist**
* Executed programmatic campaigns for a client through the Adobe Advertising stack leveraging Adobe Audience Manager for 1st party audience creation through Adobe Analytics data.
* Used LiveRamp to enrich 1st party known data with 3rd party data providers to layer on behavioral data.
* Managed site side tagging through VersaTag deployments enabling data capture across properties and in-depth tracking for long
checkout processes for a financial services client.

## iCrossing
**Programmatic Trader February 2018 – May 2018**
**Search Analyst March 2017 – February 2018**
* Created and maintained campaigns for a $4.3MM monthly budget
* Led weekly reporting and status calls with the client
* Created templatized Excel reports for multiple search teams to show to their clients
* Helped create QBR presentations to explain initiatives, test results, and market landscapes for various clients

## Lashes on 5th 
**Digital Marketing Manager Jan 2017 – March 2017**
* Executed hyper-localized search campaigns to drive foot traffic to the store
* Leveraged Google Analytics to determine site-browsing behavior to determine what services customers were most interested
in and what services they had the most questions about
* Worked with the CRM team to do cross-channel marketing and full-funnel marketing
* Provided dashboards through Google Data Studio

## World Values
**Social Media Manager Sep 2016 – Dec 2016**
* Reported on both organic and paid social performance through Google Data Studio
* Deployed HootSuite to streamline and schedule social media posts on Twitter, FB, and Instagram
* Reported on donation metrics and event reservations through Google’s Universal Analytics + Facebook Reports

## NYU Wasserman Career Center
**IT Support II Aug 2013 – Apr 2016**
* Managed Level II IT support for career counselor staff and student visitors to the Computer Lab
* Maintained image deployment through NYU’s internal deployment service
* Provided uptime and visitor satisfaction reporting on a monthly basis for leadership through Excel
* Created shell scripts for quickly updating non-image based computer systems used in the office

## Learn More

You can also link to [other pages]({{< ref "contact" >}}) in your markdown.
